README.md, before:

[![build](https://circleci.com/gh/giantswarm/app-build-suite.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/giantswarm/app-build-suite)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/giantswarm/app-build-suite/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/giantswarm/app-build-suite)
[![Apache License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-apache-blue.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/pytest-helm-charts/)

# app-build-suite
A tool to build and test apps for Giant Swarm App Platform.

This tool is development and CI/CD tool that allows you to:

- build your helm chart
  - do some simple variable replacements before building the chart
  - linting chart's source code
  - generating actual chart archive
  - generating App Platform specific metadata
- test your chart after building
  - run your tests of different kind using [`pytest`](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/) and
    [`pytest-helm-charts`](https://github.com/giantswarm/pytest-helm-charts)

---
*Big fat warning* This tool is available as a development version!
---

## How to use app-build-suite

### Installation

`abs` is distributed as a docker image, so the easiest way to install and use it is to get our `dabs.sh`
script, which is a wrapper script to make launching the docker image easier.

Alternatively, you can just checkout this repository and build the docker image yourself by running:

```bash
make docker-build
```

### Getting started

Executing `dabs.sh` is the most straight forward way to run `app-build-suite`.
For example, for our sample chart present in this repository in `examples/apps/hello-world-app`, run:

```bash
dabs.sh -c examples/apps/hello-world-app --skip-steps test_all
```

Please note that this command skips all the test steps and runs only the actual chart build steps. If you want
to run tests as well, you need to provide a cluster to run them on. For example, you can use a cluster
of type `external`, which is a cluster you provide externally to the `abs` tool. If you have `kind`, you can do it
like this:

```bash
kind create cluster
kind get kubeconfig > ./kube.config
```

Then you can configure `abs` to run `functional` tests on top of that kind cluster:

```bash
dabs.sh -c examples/apps/hello-world-app \
  --functional-tests-cluster-type external \
  --external-cluster-kubeconfig-path kube.config \
  --external-cluster-type kind \
  --external-cluster-version "1.19.0" \
  --destination build
```

### Usage

Please run:

```bash
dabs.sh -h
```

to get help about all the available config options.

## How does it work

This tool works by executing a series of so called `Build Steps`. Each build step can be configurable
(run `./dabs.sh -h` to check), but also you can skip any step required or just run only some steps.
This idea is fundamental for integrating `abs` with other workflows, like in the CI/CD system or
on your local machine. Check `dabs.sh -h` output for step names available to `--steps` and `--skip-steps`
flags.

### Configuration

Every configuration option in `abs` can be configured in 3 ways. Starting from the highest to the lowest
priority, these are:

- command line arguments,
- environment variables,
- config file (default config file is `.abs/main.yaml` and it's searched in the running directory or the
  directory specified with `-c` option).

When you run `./dabs.sh -h` it shows you command line options and the relevant environment variables names. Options
for a config file are the same as for command line, just with truncated leading `--`. You can check
[this example](examples/apps/hello-world-app/.abs/main.yaml).

The configuration is made this way so you can put your defaults into the config file, yet override them with
env variables or command line when needed. This way you can easily override configs for stuff like CI/CD builds.

## How to contribute

Check out the [contribution guidelines](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

update docs with info about listing multiple steps

README.md, after:

[![build](https://circleci.com/gh/giantswarm/app-build-suite.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/giantswarm/app-build-suite)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/giantswarm/app-build-suite/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/giantswarm/app-build-suite)
[![Apache License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-apache-blue.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/pytest-helm-charts/)

# app-build-suite
A tool to build and test apps for Giant Swarm App Platform.

This tool is development and CI/CD tool that allows you to:

- build your helm chart
  - do some simple variable replacements before building the chart
  - linting chart's source code
  - generating actual chart archive
  - generating App Platform specific metadata
- test your chart after building
  - run your tests of different kind using [`pytest`](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/) and
    [`pytest-helm-charts`](https://github.com/giantswarm/pytest-helm-charts)

---
*Big fat warning* This tool is available as a development version!
---

## How to use app-build-suite

### Installation

`abs` is distributed as a docker image, so the easiest way to install and use it is to get our `dabs.sh`
script, which is a wrapper script to make launching the docker image easier.

Alternatively, you can just checkout this repository and build the docker image yourself by running:

```bash
make docker-build
```

### Getting started

Executing `dabs.sh` is the most straight forward way to run `app-build-suite`.
For example, for our sample chart present in this repository in `examples/apps/hello-world-app`, run:

```bash
dabs.sh -c examples/apps/hello-world-app --skip-steps test_all
```

Please note that this command skips all the test steps and runs only the actual chart build steps. If you want
to run tests as well, you need to provide a cluster to run them on. For example, you can use a cluster
of type `external`, which is a cluster you provide externally to the `abs` tool. If you have `kind`, you can do it
like this:

```bash
kind create cluster
kind get kubeconfig > ./kube.config
```

Then you can configure `abs` to run `functional` tests on top of that kind cluster:

```bash
dabs.sh -c examples/apps/hello-world-app \
  --functional-tests-cluster-type external \
  --external-cluster-kubeconfig-path kube.config \
  --external-cluster-type kind \
  --external-cluster-version "1.19.0" \
  --destination build
```

### Usage

Please run:

```bash
dabs.sh -h
```

to get help about all the available config options.

## How does it work

This tool works by executing a series of so called `Build Steps`. Each build step is configurable
(run `./dabs.sh -h` to check), but also you can skip any step provided or just run only a subset of all steps.
This idea is fundamental for integrating `abs` with other workflows, like in the CI/CD system or
on your local machine. Check `dabs.sh -h` output for step names available to `--steps` and `--skip-steps`
flags.

To skip or include multiple step names, separate them with space, like in this example:

```bash
dabs.sh -c examples/apps/hello-world-app --skip-steps test_unit test_performance
```

### Configuration

Every configuration option in `abs` can be configured in 3 ways. Starting from the highest to the lowest
priority, these are:

- command line arguments,
- environment variables,
- config file (default config file is `.abs/main.yaml` and it's searched in the running directory or the
  directory specified with `-c` option).

When you run `./dabs.sh -h` it shows you command line options and the relevant environment variables names. Options
for a config file are the same as for command line, just with truncated leading `--`. You can check
[this example](examples/apps/hello-world-app/.abs/main.yaml).

The configuration is made this way so you can put your defaults into the config file, yet override them with
env variables or command line when needed. This way you can easily override configs for stuff like CI/CD builds.

## How to contribute

Check out the [contribution guidelines](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md).
