docs/helm-build-pipeline.md, before:

# Helm build engine steps

Helm build pipeline executes in sequence the following set of steps:

1. HelmBuilderValidator: a simple step that checks if the build folder contains a Helm chart.
   - config options: none
2. HelmGitVersionSetter: when enabled, this step will set `version` and/or `appVersion` in the `Chart.yaml`
   of your helm chart to a version value based of your last commit hash and tag in a git repo. For this
   step to work, the chart or chart's parent directory must contain valid git repo (`.git/`).
   - config options:
     - `--replace-app-version-with-git`:
                        should the `appVersion` in `Chart.yaml` be replaced by a tag and hash from git
     - `--replace-chart-version-with-git`:
                        should the `version` in `Chart.yaml  be replaced by a tag and hash from git
3. HelmChartToolLinter: this step runs the [`ct`](https://github.com/helm/chart-testing) (aka. `chart-testing`)
   This tool runs validation and linting of YAML files included in your chart. The tool is configurable on its own:
   [config reference](https://github.com/helm/chart-testing#configuration).
   - config options:
     - `--ct-config`:
                        path to optional `ct`'s tool config file.
     - `--ct-schema`:
                        path to optional `ct` schema file.
   If your chart is using external chart repositories for stuff like subcharts or dependencies, you might need
   to configure `ct` to point to them: set `ct-config` to something like `./ct-config.yaml`, then create this
   file and set content to (example for external "bitnami" chart repo):

   ```yaml
   ---
   chart-repos:
     - bitnami=https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami
   ```

4. KubeLinter: this step runs [kube-linter](https://docs.kubelinter.io/) static chart verification tool.
   Make sure to check [kube-linter configuration docs](https://docs.kubelinter.io/#/configuring-kubelinter)
   to learn how to tune the verification to your taste or even
   [disable it completely](https://docs.kubelinter.io/#/configuring-kubelinter?id=disable-all-default-checks).
   If you don't pass an explicit path to `kube-linter`'s config file with option `--kubelinter-config`,
   `abs` will check if the file `.kube-linter.yaml` file exists in the
   chart's main directory. If it does, it will be passed as a command line option to `kube-linter`. If it doesn't,
   `kube-linter` will run with default configuration.
   - config options:
     - `--kubelinter-config`: path to optional 'kube-linter' config file.
5. HelmChartMetadataPreparer: this step is required to gather some data required for chart metadata
   generation.
   - config options:
     - `--generate-metadata`: enable generation of the metadata file for Giant Swarm App Platform.
     - `--catalog-base-url`: Base URL of the catalog in which the app package will be stored in. Should end with a /.

6. HelmChartBuilder: this step does the actual chart build using Helm.
   - config options:
     - `--destination`: path of a directory to store the packaged Helm chart tgz.
7. HelmChartMetadataFinalizer: completes and writes the data gather partially by HelmChartMetadataPreparer.
   - config options: none
8. HelmChartYAMLRestorer: restores chart files, which were changed as part of the build process (ie. by
   HelmGitVersionSetter).
   - config options:
     - `--keep-chart-changes` should the changes made in Chart.yaml be kept
9. GiantSwarmHelmValidator: runs simple validation rules against the chart source files. Checks for rules we want
   to enforce as company policy.
   Currently, supports the following checks
   ([have a look at the code for details](../app_build_suite/build_steps/giant_swarm_validators/helm.py):
   - `HasValuesSchema` - checks if the `values.schema.json` file is present,
   - `HasTeamLabel` - a bit naive check if the team annotation is present (it only checks for the correct definition
     in `Chart.yaml` and then if the `_templates.yaml` is present and the recommended label is there) or is not empty. Check
     [the example](../examples/apps/hello-world-app/templates/_helpers.yaml) here.

   Available config options:
     - `--disable-giantswarm-helm-validator` - enabled by default, can disable the whole module,
     - `--disable-strict-giantswarm-validator` - enabled by default, it means the build will fail if any validation
     rule fails; if disabled, build won't fail even if rules will,
     - `--giantswarm-validator-ignored-checks` - each check has its own ID which is printed during build; if you
     want to ignore a subset of checks, put a comma separated list here.

Commit message:

New metadata in Chart.yaml (#429)
* new annotations based on metadata for OCI compatibility

docs/helm-build-pipeline.md, after:

# Helm build engine steps

Helm build pipeline executes in sequence the following set of steps:

1. HelmBuilderValidator: a simple step that checks if the build folder contains a Helm chart.
   - config options: none
2. HelmGitVersionSetter: when enabled, this step will set `version` and/or `appVersion` in the `Chart.yaml`
   of your helm chart to a version value based of your last commit hash and tag in a git repo. For this
   step to work, the chart or chart's parent directory must contain valid git repo (`.git/`).
   - config options:
     - `--replace-app-version-with-git`:
                        should the `appVersion` in `Chart.yaml` be replaced by a tag and hash from git
     - `--replace-chart-version-with-git`:
                        should the `version` in `Chart.yaml  be replaced by a tag and hash from git
3. HelmChartToolLinter: this step runs the [`ct`](https://github.com/helm/chart-testing) (aka. `chart-testing`)
   This tool runs validation and linting of YAML files included in your chart. The tool is configurable on its own:
   [config reference](https://github.com/helm/chart-testing#configuration).
   - config options:
     - `--ct-config`:
                        path to optional `ct`'s tool config file.
     - `--ct-schema`:
                        path to optional `ct` schema file.
   If your chart is using external chart repositories for stuff like subcharts or dependencies, you might need
   to configure `ct` to point to them: set `ct-config` to something like `./ct-config.yaml`, then create this
   file and set content to (example for external "bitnami" chart repo):

   ```yaml
   ---
   chart-repos:
     - bitnami=https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami
   ```

4. KubeLinter: this step runs [kube-linter](https://docs.kubelinter.io/) static chart verification tool.
   Make sure to check [kube-linter configuration docs](https://docs.kubelinter.io/#/configuring-kubelinter)
   to learn how to tune the verification to your taste or even
   [disable it completely](https://docs.kubelinter.io/#/configuring-kubelinter?id=disable-all-default-checks).
   If you don't pass an explicit path to `kube-linter`'s config file with option `--kubelinter-config`,
   `abs` will check if the file `.kube-linter.yaml` file exists in the
   chart's main directory. If it does, it will be passed as a command line option to `kube-linter`. If it doesn't,
   `kube-linter` will run with default configuration.
   - config options:
     - `--kubelinter-config`: path to optional 'kube-linter' config file.
5. HelmChartMetadataPreparer: this step is required to gather some data required for chart metadata
   generation.
   - config options:
     - `--generate-metadata`: enable generation of the metadata file for Giant Swarm App Platform.
     - `--catalog-base-url`: Base URL of the catalog in which the app package will be stored in. Should end with a /.
   When metadata generation is enabled, the annotations for `application.giantswarm.io/readme` and
   `application.giantswarm.io/values-schema` are automatically rewritten to point directly to the
   files in the chart's GitHub repository using the chart version tag so that published annotations
   always reference the exact release content.

6. HelmChartBuilder: this step does the actual chart build using Helm.
   - config options:
     - `--destination`: path of a directory to store the packaged Helm chart tgz.
7. HelmChartMetadataFinalizer: completes and writes the data gather partially by HelmChartMetadataPreparer.
   - config options: none
8. HelmChartYAMLRestorer: restores chart files, which were changed as part of the build process (ie. by
   HelmGitVersionSetter).
   - config options:
     - `--keep-chart-changes` should the changes made in Chart.yaml be kept
9. GiantSwarmHelmValidator: runs simple validation rules against the chart source files. Checks for rules we want
   to enforce as company policy.
   Currently, supports the following checks
   ([have a look at the code for details](../app_build_suite/build_steps/giant_swarm_validators/helm.py):
   - `HasValuesSchema` - checks if the `values.schema.json` file is present,
   - `HasTeamLabel` - a bit naive check if the team annotation is present (it only checks for the correct definition
     in `Chart.yaml` and then if the `_templates.yaml` is present and the recommended label is there) or is not empty. Check
     [the example](../examples/apps/hello-world-app/templates/_helpers.yaml) here.

   Available config options:
     - `--disable-giantswarm-helm-validator` - enabled by default, can disable the whole module,
     - `--disable-strict-giantswarm-validator` - enabled by default, it means the build will fail if any validation
     rule fails; if disabled, build won't fail even if rules will,
     - `--giantswarm-validator-ignored-checks` - each check has its own ID which is printed during build; if you
     want to ignore a subset of checks, put a comma separated list here.
